feat(xo-server-web-books): waiting response from server (#5420)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

> - [Web hooks] Possibility to wait a response from the server before continuing (PR [#5420](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5420))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web hooks] Possibility to wait a response from the server before continuing [#4948](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/4948) (PR [#5420](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5420))
```

> - [Web hooks] Possibility to wait a response from the server before execute the call (PR [#5420](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5420))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web hooks] Possibility to wait a response from the server before continuing (PR [#5420](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5420))
```

- [VM/disks, SR/disks] Destroy/forget VDIs: improve tooltip messages (PR [#5435](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5435))
- [Patches] Rolling pool update: automatically patch and restart a whole pool by live migrating running VMs back and forth as needed [#5286](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/5286) (PR [#5430](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5430))
- [Host] Replace `disabled/enabled state` by `maintenance mode` (PR [#5421](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5421))

> - [Web hooks] Possibility to wait a response from the server before execute the job (PR [#5420](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5420))

Reviewer: Not necessarily a job.
